Jiayao has time to sit at my place
Farewell
Qiu Jie, take your time
The Xu family really has a rich collection
But they're all fakes
I dare not participate in such an auction.
If you buy a counterfeit
Then you have to pay the price.
Master Xu, you can go back and eat this stove slowly
Who wants to be taken advantage of?
Then just buy it.
We only withdraw
Go, go, go, what the hell?
Better than a roadside stall
At least it won't be so expensive to sell at roadside stalls.
Let's go, let's go, hey, hey, hey
Auntie, what's the matter with you?
Don't go yet
When did these two flies accidentally
When is the accident really? Don't leave.
This Xu family is not a villain
Why are there so many applicants?
How is that possible?
Most of it is.
We just used some means
Let these fakes be auctioned off in front
awesome
This really makes the Xu family's luck gone
But those treasures
Even if they don't pass the auction
It should be able to be sold.
Do it at a low price
At this time, we will buy ourselves at a low price.
But the Xu family hates us to the core
How could it possibly be sold to us?
We don't have to come forward
Human contact has been arranged in advance